having a conflict within your first few days of a new unit. That's that's
entirely common. That's not uncommon at all. Your new S O. You got
a new environment that you're trying to figure out and learn to and
find out what those community norms are. And then, of course, you're
new to the people that have been there already and are established,
so they're trying to kind of figure you out as well. The biggest
thing is communication. It kind of overcome those conflicts. You need
to communicate to the people that you may be having a conflict with
or communicate to your leadership that you are having a conflict
and how you can overcome that. Um, that's but it's entirely common toe
have some sort of conflict, whether it's external or internal. When
you arrive to a new unit